org/apache/cordova/file/InvalidModificationException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.InvalidModificationException
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpResponse.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpResponse
org/apache/cordova/file/ContentFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.ContentFilesystem
org/apache/cordova/file/FileUtils.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$1
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$10
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$11
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$12
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$13
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$14
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$15
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$16
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$17
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$18
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$19
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$2
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$20
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$21
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$22
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$23
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$24
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$25
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$26
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$27
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$28
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$29
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$3
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$4
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$5
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$6
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$7
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$8
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$9
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$FileOp
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_Location.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Location
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Location$1
name/ratson/cordova/admob/interstitial/InterstitialExecutor.java
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.interstitial.InterstitialExecutor
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.interstitial.InterstitialExecutor$1
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.interstitial.InterstitialExecutor$2
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.interstitial.InterstitialExecutor$3
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.interstitial.InterstitialExecutor$4
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.interstitial.InterstitialExecutor$5
com/adobe/phonegap/push/PushInstanceIDListenerService.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushInstanceIDListenerService
nl/xservices/plugins/Insomnia.java
 nl.xservices.plugins.Insomnia
 nl.xservices.plugins.Insomnia$1
 nl.xservices.plugins.Insomnia$2
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpOperation.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpOperation
com/phonegap/iindicate/BuildConfig.java
 com.phonegap.iindicate.BuildConfig
org/apache/cordova/dialogs/Notification.java
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$1
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$2
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$2$1
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$2$2
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$3
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$3$1
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$3$2
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$3$3
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$3$4
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$4
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$4$1
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$4$2
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$4$3
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$4$4
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$5
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$5$1
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$6
 org.apache.cordova.dialogs.Notification$6$1
com/silkimen/http/TLSSocketFactory.java
 com.silkimen.http.TLSSocketFactory
com/silkimen/http/HttpBodyDecoder.java
 com.silkimen.http.HttpBodyDecoder
org/apache/cordova/whitelist/WhitelistPlugin.java
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$1
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$CustomConfigXmlParser
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpBase.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpBase
com/adobe/phonegap/push/FCMService.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.FCMService
cc/fovea/Constants.java
 cc.fovea.Constants
name/ratson/cordova/admob/AdMob.java
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.AdMob
org/apache/cordova/file/Filesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem$LimitedInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem$ReadFileCallback
org/apache/cordova/file/TypeMismatchException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.TypeMismatchException
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpUpload.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpUpload
name/ratson/cordova/admob/banner/BannerListener.java
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.banner.BannerListener
name/ratson/cordova/admob/Actions.java
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.Actions
org/apache/cordova/file/LocalFilesystemURL.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.LocalFilesystemURL
org/apache/cordova/file/DirectoryManager.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.DirectoryManager
com/verso/cordova/clipboard/Clipboard.java
 com.verso.cordova.clipboard.Clipboard
com/adobe/phonegap/push/BackgroundActionButtonHandler.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.BackgroundActionButtonHandler
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_External_Storage.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_External_Storage
com/adobe/phonegap/push/PushPlugin.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$1
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$10
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$11
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$2
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$3
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$4
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$5
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$6
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$7
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$8
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$9
org/apache/cordova/file/LocalFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.LocalFilesystem
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_Camera.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Camera
name/ratson/cordova/admob/CordovaEventBuilder.java
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.CordovaEventBuilder
name/ratson/cordova/admob/rewardvideo/RewardVideoExecutor.java
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.rewardvideo.RewardVideoExecutor
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.rewardvideo.RewardVideoExecutor$1
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.rewardvideo.RewardVideoExecutor$2
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.rewardvideo.RewardVideoExecutor$3
org/apache/cordova/networkinformation/NetworkManager.java
 org.apache.cordova.networkinformation.NetworkManager
 org.apache.cordova.networkinformation.NetworkManager$1
org/apache/cordova/splashscreen/SplashScreen.java
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$2
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$3
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$7
org/apache/cordova/file/NoModificationAllowedException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.NoModificationAllowedException
com/adobe/phonegap/push/PushHandlerActivity.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushHandlerActivity
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic$1
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic$2
com/silkimen/http/KeyChainKeyManager.java
 com.silkimen.http.KeyChainKeyManager
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_Wifi.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Wifi
com/silkimen/http/TLSConfiguration.java
 com.silkimen.http.TLSConfiguration
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaObservableCallbackContext.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaObservableCallbackContext
org/apache/cordova/file/PendingRequests.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests$1
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests$Request
org/apache/cordova/statusbar/StatusBar.java
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$1
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$2
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$3
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$4
cc/fovea/PurchasePlugin.java
 cc.fovea.PurchasePlugin
 cc.fovea.PurchasePlugin$1
 cc.fovea.PurchasePlugin$2
 cc.fovea.PurchasePlugin$3
com/silkimen/http/HttpRequest.java
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$1
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$2
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$3
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$4
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$5
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$6
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$7
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$8
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$Base64
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$CloseOperation
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$ConnectionFactory
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$ConnectionFactory$1
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$FlushOperation
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$HttpRequestException
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$Operation
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$RequestOutputStream
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$UploadProgress
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$UploadProgress$1
org/apache/cordova/file/FileExistsException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileExistsException
name/ratson/cordova/admob/AdMobConfig.java
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.AdMobConfig
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaClientAuth.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaClientAuth
org/apache/cordova/file/EncodingException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.EncodingException
com/plugin/gcm/OneSignalPush.java
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$1
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$2
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$3
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$4
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$5
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$6
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$7
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$8
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$9
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$CordovaNotificationOpenedHandler
 com.plugin.gcm.OneSignalPush$CordovaNotificationReceivedHandler
org/apache/cordova/file/AssetFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.AssetFilesystem
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpPlugin.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpPlugin
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpDownload.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpDownload
br/com/innovatesoft/bibliantlh/MainActivity.java
 com.phonegap.iindicate.MainActivity
com/adobe/phonegap/push/PushConstants.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushConstants
name/ratson/cordova/admob/banner/BannerExecutor.java
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.banner.BannerExecutor
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.banner.BannerExecutor$1
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.banner.BannerExecutor$2
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.banner.BannerExecutor$3
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.banner.BannerExecutor$4
name/ratson/cordova/admob/AbstractExecutor.java
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.AbstractExecutor
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_Bluetooth.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Bluetooth
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Bluetooth$1
com/adobe/phonegap/push/PushDismissedHandler.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushDismissedHandler
com/silkimen/http/JsonUtils.java
 com.silkimen.http.JsonUtils
name/ratson/cordova/admob/interstitial/InterstitialListener.java
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.interstitial.InterstitialListener
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_Notifications.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Notifications
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_NFC.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_NFC
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_NFC$1
name/ratson/cordova/admob/rewardvideo/RewardVideoListener.java
 name.ratson.cordova.admob.rewardvideo.RewardVideoListener
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaServerTrust.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaServerTrust
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaServerTrust$1
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaServerTrust$2
